presumptuous
Don't spill blood
Prime Minister and father are critically ill
Chao Jue is bound to fight
Someone has to be in charge.
What the king of Liang said is very true
To stabilize the government
I recommend Liang Wang warriors to build a country
Your Highness is what the heart desires
The prime minister only needs the prime minister's consent
The king will assume this responsibility
This prime minister, you have to be indecisive at this time
Can you afford it if something goes wrong?
The emperor has just invented it, and it will be fine in a few days.
You guys fight for power
Is it too early?
What high incidence disease? I didn't hear him. I must have said it.
Is the emperor infected with a malignant disease?
This severe disease will surely die
It's your problem whether it can be cured or not.
What if I want to be cured?
Immediately
Bowls of broccoli
If you are cured
Wife, this life is for you
If you can't cure it
I can also give you my life
This is really door-to-door kung fu
I cured you this time and married my daughter to you.
You should be a slave